Rubie helps companies with complex software configure and launch with their customers faster. ERPs, CRMs, and systems-of-record are notoriously difficult to set up and take a long time to prove value for the buyer. We partner with companies that make and sell this software to unblock their customer success teams from hundreds of hours of manual work pointing and clicking and dragging and dropping.

At our core, we are accomplishing this by building agentic infrastructure to solve very thorny automation and migration challenges. Our vision is to build technology that can convert any UI into a set of APIs with AI, and then to use those APIs to exfiltrate data.

We are very well capitalized (unannounced Series A) and there is no shortage of fun tech problems to solve here - we need your help to achieve our mission.

About the Role
Software engineers at Rubie are responsible for all parts of the stack, including frontend, backend, and a little bit of DevOps. The specific work will change from day-to-day (we’re a startup, after all), but generally involves:

Contributing to product decisions: This role is not a good fit for someone who wants to be given a list of perfectly thought out tickets for a sprint. You will be expected to join customer conversations and have an opinion about where our product should go.

Anticipating edge cases: The systems we are automating are constantly evolving and often do weird, unexpected things. You should be excited about this challenge, not overwhelmed.

As an engineer at Rubie, you’ll have the opportunity to help shape our technology choices, but today our stack is:

Frontend: React, Tailwind, Typescript

Backend: Remix, Typescript

Infrastructure: AWS, Cloudflare

In some companies, portions of this role might be described as a “Product Engineer.” Although we expect less “pure” product work from our Founding Engineers, the reality of being an early hire at a startup is that you’ll have an enormous impact on many parts of the business, not just engineering.

About You
We believe in direct communication as a company, so in that spirit: we have a lot of work to do and there is simply no substitute for long hours in the early days. This job is not right for everyone, but could be right for you if:

You want to be in-person. We have an NYC office and conviction that our best work will happen faster when we’re together.

You’re scrappy and like to hack on solutions. We’re building something that no one has built before, so we’re not expecting that you’ve tackled this exact challenge. We do expect, though, that you can work hard to get unblocked and will help unblock your peers.

You have experience building full-stack systems. Rubie automates important processes for our partners - if we fail, it’s a big deal and it makes them look bad. You want to work in a high-ownership environment where we all own the successes and failures of our work.

You prefer a job with high trust but high expectations. We’re not punching clocks, but this isn’t the type of role where you can never check Slack after 5pm.

You want a shot at making a large sum of money. This role comes with significant equity compensation - everyone at Rubie is an owner. That means it’s equally your job to help us make the equity worth something meaningful.

You want to have fun at work. We have lots to do, but we won’t be miserable doing it

You love making customers happy. It makes your day when you make life a bit easier for our partners.

Work Environment + Compensation
Rubie is an in-person company based in New York City, working out of our office 5 days a week. We’re flexible on working remotely as needed (life happens!) but generally we are in the office every day

Generous health insurance

Competitive salary and substantial equity compensation

Compensation Range: $150K - $200K
